## Logistics-Operations

###
A company that provides after-sales services for electronic devices is responsible for carrying out logistics operations related to products that need repair due to technical defects and wants to use a logistics service contractor to design and set up its after-sales service network. take This network has three levels, which are collection centers, repair centers and production sites.
In case of technical defects in electronic devices, customers can refer to the collection centers of the company providing after-sales services in order to repair repairable products or replace non-repairable products and deliver the defective product. Then these returned products are deposited in repair centers. At this stage, defective products are first inspected. If they cannot be repaired, instead of them, replacement products are received from production sites and sent to the relevant collection center for delivery to the customer. If the defective products can be repaired, they will be repaired and then returned to the collection centers. Spare parts needed to repair defective products are supplied through production sites. According to the proposal of the logistics services contractor, the company can use the local warehouses of this contractor as collection centers and its distribution centers as repair centers. The contractor has 20 local warehouses and 8 distribution centers. According to the details of the cooperation proposal of the logistics service contractor, the after-sales service provider company has decided to use all the contractor's local warehouses as collection centers to be sure that it can provide after-sales services in a wide geographical area.
Considering that the establishment of repair centers requires investment and the hiring and training of specialized personnel, the company providing after-sales services must select a limited number of repair centers from among the contractor's distribution centers. In each of these centers, a limited number of repair equipment can be installed and each equipment has a limited capacity to repair defective products.
A suitable linear programming model was formulated in order to determine the flow of returned products, replacement products, spare parts, as well as to determine the location and capacity of repair centers through the allocation of repair equipment, so that the total fixed and variable costs of the system including the establishment of repair centers
and minimize the transportation within the network. The optimal solution of the presented model was obtained using Python software and sensitivity analysis was performed.
